2) make aesthetics of the website better /ui polishing
3) make all tabs responsive...
4) make the website more premium




. in your reminder..for eg.. it is not showing any notifications.. or anything that a reminder do... make it work.. and make it work in a way that it will show a notification.. even if the app is closed.. or the phone is locked..

add email ...


.. and add a feature to add a reminder in journal.. so that it will remind you to write a journal.. for eg.. if you set a reminder at 8:00 pm.. it will remind you to write a journal at 8:00 pm...


add a feature to add a reminder in notes.. so that it will remind you to read the notes.. for eg.. if you set a reminder at 8:00 pm.. it will remind you to read the notes at 8:00 pm...

add badges in reward...also a description if user want to describe it... for eg.. if user get a badge of "writing 5 journals".. it will show a description.. "you have written 5 journals.. keep it up.."
or any achievements or certificate user upload.. it will show a description.. "you have uploaded a certificate.. good job..(  with the details of certificate entered by user)"

change the way of representing mood.. for eg.. instead of showing a mood in a box.. show it in a circle.. and add a feature to change the color of the circle.. for eg.. if user is happy.. he/she can change the color of the circle to yellow.. if user is sad.. he/she can change the color of the circle to blue.. and so on...

manage the way of representing mood in mood_statics...

able to change journal and notes which we submit...as per user...choice...



connectivity with google calendar and google keep...so that user can add a reminder in google calendar and google keep.. and it will show in the app.. and vice versa...
can share the journal and notes with friends through email or any other social media platform...


remove bootstrap and add own or overwrite design...rakhi related...
fix design
add chatbot, so that user can chat with the chatbot.. and it will give a response.. for eg.. if user ask.. "how was my day".. it will show.. "your day was good.. keep it up.."
add a feature to add a reminder in chatbot.. so that it will remind you to chat with the chatbot.. for eg.. if you set a reminder at 8:00 pm.. it will remind you to chat with the chatbot at 8:00 pm...
add emotion detection in chatbot.. so that it will detect the emotion of the user.. for eg.. if user is happy.. it will show.. "you are happy.. keep it up.."
add some quotes when login..
add birthday reminder.. so that it will remind you to wish your friends on their birthday.. for eg.. if you set a reminder at 8:00 pm.. it will remind you to wish your friend on his/her birthday at 8:00 pm...
add birthday celebration.. so that it will show a cake or any other thing.. on the birthday of yours
add email functions
each tab,,,own design...
add a little game to play to relax mind
add reward things, emotes, badges, etc...also something when not active for a long time... and with sad face asking to come back... and reason of not active...
ask to write journal everyday... and give a reminder for that...
have options to set daily goals... and remind to complete them...
if... the goal is not completed.. show a sad face... and ask to complete it...and cheer up ...
when completed... show a happy face... and say good job...